it was
1220 a.m. when the Israeli forces
carried out a massive attack here in
munis in this humanitarian safe
designated area this whole is after the
Israeli forces targeted this these
makeshift camps with at least five
Israeli air strikes according to
eyewitnesses here they're saying that at
least 20 20 camps a 20 tents sorry 20
families were living in this area now
what we also need to know is it took
hours for the civil defense teams to
rescue those Palestinians trapped under
the sand this time they were trapped
under the sand they were not trapped
under the rubble now according to the
medical teams they said that at least 60
Palestinians were also injured
it was just like an earthquake the
Israeli warplanes pounded us mercilessly
a seismic Shake we do not know where to
go we are living in tents we
miraculously survived the air
strike this is claimed to be a safe
humanitarian Zone Al mawasi Kan Yunis
but in reality these are all
lies this area as we see is an area
where a lot of Palestinians are living
and as as you see those Palestinians are
currently uh trying to find their
belongings they're trying to find what's
left of this attack this area was an
agricultural area we see uh plastic
houses for plants and this is the only
place where Palestinians were able to
come and live here we see massive
destructions all of these tents and all
of these plastic houses are made of
plastic that's why it's very easy for
them to burn now this is not the first
attack on the humanitarian safe
designated Zone in aliun this has been
happening a couple of times in the past
couple of weeks but however Palestinians
here are telling us they do not know
where to go and nowhere is safe across
the Gaza Strip This
istin make sure to subscribe to to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer